_publications/ranking-proposals-on-online-deliberative-platforms.md, before:

---
title: "Ranking Proposals on Online Deliberative Platforms: a Critical Review"
collection: publications
category: wip
permalink: 'research/ranking-proposals-on-online-deliberative-platforms'
excerpt: 'This manuscript focuses on ranking methods for DDPs, i.e., the way plat-
forms order proposals in a list when showing them to users. We distinguish
three ranking goals: voting, offline deliberation and online deliberation.
We concentrate on ranking for online deliberation. Our contribution is
threefold. First, we argue that a principled approach to ranking is nec-
essary, in light of the democratic objectives of DDPs. Second, inspecting
a representative sample of DDPs that are used in practice, we observe
that the choice for a ranking method is often ad hoc. Third, we intro-
duce three principles for the selection of ranking methods, and argue that
one of them, namely maximising approval diversity, should be emphasised
in ranking for online deliberation. We thus obtain a conceptual toolbox
for platform designers, hosts and users to make and justify choices for a
ranking method.'
date: 1970-01-01
venue: 
paperurl: 
citation: 
---

This manuscript focuses on ranking methods for DDPs, i.e., the way plat-
forms order proposals in a list when showing them to users. We distinguish
three ranking goals: voting, offline deliberation and online deliberation.
We concentrate on ranking for online deliberation. Our contribution is
threefold. First, we argue that a principled approach to ranking is nec-
essary, in light of the democratic objectives of DDPs. Second, inspecting
a representative sample of DDPs that are used in practice, we observe
that the choice for a ranking method is often ad hoc. Third, we intro-
duce three principles for the selection of ranking methods, and argue that
one of them, namely maximising approval diversity, should be emphasised
in ranking for online deliberation. We thus obtain a conceptual toolbox
for platform designers, hosts and users to make and justify choices for a
ranking method.

Please feel free to reach out to me in case you would like to receive the full manuscript.

Commit message:

added Frederik van de Putte as collaborator

_publications/ranking-proposals-on-online-deliberative-platforms.md, after:

---
title: "Ranking Proposals on Online Deliberative Platforms: a Critical Review"
collection: publications
category: wip
permalink: 'research/ranking-proposals-on-online-deliberative-platforms'
excerpt: 'This manuscript focuses on ranking methods for DDPs, i.e., the way plat-
forms order proposals in a list when showing them to users. We, that is Frederik van de Putte and me, distinguish
three ranking goals: voting, offline deliberation and online deliberation.
We concentrate on ranking for online deliberation. Our contribution is
threefold. First, we argue that a principled approach to ranking is nec-
essary, in light of the democratic objectives of DDPs. Second, inspecting
a representative sample of DDPs that are used in practice, we observe
that the choice for a ranking method is often ad hoc. Third, we intro-
duce three principles for the selection of ranking methods, and argue that
one of them, namely maximising approval diversity, should be emphasised
in ranking for online deliberation. We thus obtain a conceptual toolbox
for platform designers, hosts and users to make and justify choices for a
ranking method.'
date: 1970-01-01
venue: 
paperurl: 
citation: 
---

This manuscript focuses on ranking methods for DDPs, i.e., the way plat-
forms order proposals in a list when showing them to users. We distinguish
three ranking goals: voting, offline deliberation and online deliberation.
We concentrate on ranking for online deliberation. Our contribution is
threefold. First, we argue that a principled approach to ranking is nec-
essary, in light of the democratic objectives of DDPs. Second, inspecting
a representative sample of DDPs that are used in practice, we observe
that the choice for a ranking method is often ad hoc. Third, we intro-
duce three principles for the selection of ranking methods, and argue that
one of them, namely maximising approval diversity, should be emphasised
in ranking for online deliberation. We thus obtain a conceptual toolbox
for platform designers, hosts and users to make and justify choices for a
ranking method.

This is joint work together with Frederik van de Putte - my supervisor.

Please feel free to reach out to me in case you would like to receive the full manuscript.
